Blowout; Corrupted Democracy, Rogue State Russia, and the Richest, Most Destructive Industry on Earth
Maddow, Rachel.
Emmy Award-winning TV host examines the lucrative and corrupt oil industry with black humor while traveling around the globe. Calls for transparency, limits on the influence of oil executives, and a stop to industry subsidization. Some strong language. Commercial audiobook. Bestseller. 2019.
15 hours, 35 minutes
Multcolib:
Audiobook: 2 out of 47 available
eBook: 31 out of 36 available
Book: 37 out of 60 available


Between the World and Me
Coates, Ta-Nehisi.
Columnist and editor for the Atlantic Monthly examines the history of contentious race relations in America. He reflects on the ways racial inequality plays out in his personal past and in the twenty-first century, and imagines the world his teenage son may inherit. Unrated. Commercial audiobook. Bestseller. 2015.
3 hours, 37 minutes
eBooks: 34 of 70 copies available


Braiding Sweetgrass; indigenous wisdom, scientific knowledge and the teachings of plants
Kimmerer, Robin Wall.
Botanist and member of the Citizen Potawatomi Nation argues that the awakening of a wider ecological consciousness requires the acknowledgement and celebration of a reciprocal relationship with the world. Shares stories learned from her elders about the world around them and ways of approaching scientific inquiry. Commercial audiobook. 2013.
16 hours, 47 minutes
Mcl:
always available at proquest
eBook: 0 out of 50 available


Educated a memoir
Westover, Tara.
Memoir exploring the author's path from being raised in a fundamentalist, paranoiac Mormon family where she was homeschooled to eventually working her way to graduate degrees at Cambridge and Harvard. Discusses hardships faced by the family and abuse at the hands of a sibling. Strong language and some violence. Bestseller.  2018.
12 hours, 13 minutes
Mcl:
Audiobook: 62 out of 175 available
eBook: 57 out of 204 available
Book: 35 out of 131 available


Innocents Abroad
Twain, Mark.
A satirically humorous account of a voyage through the Mediterranean and travel in the bordering countries, and a classic study of the differences between Americans and Europeans.
21 hours, 2 minutes
Multcolib:
eBook: always available


Kitchen Confidential; adventures in the culinary underbelly
Bourdain, Anthony.
An executive chef, who recognized his passion for food as a nine-year-old on a family trip to France, discusses his love affair with cooking. He also describes the less glamorous side, where heavy drinking, drugs, sex, and crime among the cooks go hand-in-hand with pots and pans. Strong language. Bestseller. 2000.
10 hours, 18 minutes
Multcolib:
Audiobook: 12 out of 37 available
eBook: 29 out of 36 available


The Great Pretender; The Undercover Mission That Changed Our Understanding of Madness
Cahalan, Susannah.
A journalist investigates the work of psychologist David Rosenhan. In the 1970s, Rosenhan and seven other sane people went undercover in American insane asylums to test the legitimacy of psychiatry's labels. While his results changed mental health diagnoses forever, the author's research calls Rosenhan's experiment into question. Strong language, violence, some descriptions of sex.  Commercial audiobook. 2019.
11 hours, 6 minutes
eBook: 10 out of 13 available
Audiobook: 1 out of 9 available


The Beauty in Breaking
Harper, Michele.
A female, African American emergency room physician--in a profession that is overwhelmingly male and white--explains how each of us is broken--physically, emotionally, psychically. How we recognize those breaks, how we try to mend them, and where we go from there are all crucial parts of the healing process. Unrated. Commercial audiobook. 2020.
7 hours, 48 minutes
Multcolib:
Audiobook: 0 out of 12 available
eBook: 17 out of 33 available

