OK, I finally got the list of books sorted.

There are two that have enough copies available for us to chose in the near
future:

Born a crime : stories from a South African childhood / Trevor Noah.
8 hours, 46 minutes
The host of TV's The Daily Show shares his coming-of-age story
as the child of a white father and black mother in South Africa.
Book: 1 of 20 available
eBook: 23 of 50 available

Good night, Irene / Luis Alberto Urrea.
13 hours, 30 minutes
Two women in the Red Cross serve at the front lines in WWII.
Book: 6 of 21 available
eBook: 9 of 26 available
audiobook: 1 of 20 available


A couple are available, but very, very long:

American Prometheus : the triumph and tragedy of J. Robert Oppenheimer
	 / by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin.
27 hours, 34 minutes
Biography of physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer

Orley Farm / Anthony Trollope
31 hours
A lengthy chronicle of English country life involving a forged will and
many people falling in love.


One has enough print books available (probabaly), not many ebooks:

The librarian of burned books / Brianna Labuskes.
10 hours, 52 minutes
Set against the backdrop of World War II, the fates of three women
become intertwined by their belief in the power and goodness of the written word
to triumph over the very darkest moments of war.
Book: 10 of 14 available
eBook: 0 of 2 available
audiobook: 4 of 9 available


These have many copies, but a bunch of holds.  Maybe next year?

James / Percival Everett.
7 hours, 53 minutes
A retelling of Huckleberry Finn, from Jim's point of view

Eve : how the female body drove 200 million years of human evolution
      / Cat Bohannon.
15 hours, 58 minutes
Bohannon covers the past 200 million years to explain the specific science
behind the development of the female sex. 

My murder / Katie Williams.
7 hours, 56 minutes
A thriller set in the near future, when a murdered woman is resurrected
and must then figure out the circumstances of her own death.

Horse / Geraldine Brooks.
14 hours, 9 minutes
Based on the remarkable true story of the record-breaking thoroughbred
Lexington, Horse is a novel of art and science, love and obsession,
and our unfinished reckoning with racism.

Hamnet / Maggie O'Farrell.
12 hours, 45 minutes
The death of Shakespeare's son and the creation of "Hamlet",
told from Anne Hathaway's point of view

The lost bookshop / Evie Woods.
11 hours, 40 minutes
For too long, Opaline, Martha and Henry have been the side characters in their
own lives. But when a vanishing bookshop casts its spell, these three
unsuspecting strangers will discover that their own stories are every bit as
extraordinary as the ones found in the pages of their beloved books.


And a whole bunch with too few copies to accommodate us:

A history of burning / Janika Oza.
13 hours, 45 minutes
A multi-generational story, taking place in India, Uganda and Canada

Magpie murders / Anthony Horowitz.
16 hours, 19 minutes
A mystery wrapped inside a mystery.

The rainmaker / John Grisham.
16 hours, 38 minutes
Before Rudy Baylor graduates from law school and starts his new job, he must
provide free legal advice at a senior center. His clients are a couple whose
grown son is dying of leukemia and whose insurance company has abandoned
them. Rudy's excitement over their promising case is dashed by the news that his
much-needed job offer has been withdrawn. And that's only the beginning of his
bad-luck streak.

The little teashop on Main / Jodi Thomas.
7 hours, 56 minutes
A rainy-day ritual - a tea party between three little girls - becomes the
framework of not only their friendship, but their lives.  As these three girls
grow into women, the one constant that remains is each other, and their regular
tea parties. And when the unthinkable happens, the girls sit down to have one
final farewell tea.

The red notebook / Antoine Laurain ; translated from the French
3 hours, 52 minutes
After a woman is mugged on the streets of Paris,
she winds up in a coma. Bookstore owner Laurent finds her
handbag abandoned nearby and uses clues from the bag,
including a red notebook, to track the woman down.

The sparrow / Mary Doria Russell.
17 hours, 35 minutes
It is the year 2059 when Jesuit priest Emilio
Sandoz returns as the sole survivor of a forty-year space
voyage to Alpha Centauri. Broken in body and spirit, Sandoz
describes his horrific captivity by aliens and life in a
depraved civilization. 

Four seasons in Rome / Anthony Doerr.
6 hours, 34 minutes
Prize-winning novelist recounts moving with his
wife and six-month-old twin sons to Italy for a yearlong
literary fellowship.

Lives of Girls and Women / Alice Munro
9 hours, 59 minutes
In this coming-of-age story, bright,
impressionable Del Jordan presents a young girl's view of
happenings in the small 1940s Canadian town where she grows up.

The Milagro beanfield war / John Nichols.
20 hours, 2 minutes
A feisty Chicano hustler with a talent for
trouble sets off the great beanfield war by illegally
irrigating an arid patch in which to grow beans. A ribald
novel about injustice endured and assaulted.

Cry, the beloved country / Alan Paton
9 hours, 43 minutes
The classic story of Zulu pastor Stephen Kumalo's
search for his delinquent son, Absalom, in 1940s
Johannesburg, South Africa.  

The stranger / Albert Camus ;
3 hours, 43 minutes
An existential novel, set in Algiers, about a man
who resists any commitment, rendering his life meaningless.

The little prince / by Antoine de Saint-Exupery
1 hour, 56 minutes
The narrator's plane is forced down in the
African desert, where he meets the little prince from
Asteroid B-612, who freely shares his experiences with the
fascinated pilot. For grades 3-6. 1943.

Childhood's end / Arthur C. Clarke.
7 hours, 27 minutes
Gigantic spaceships from the stars appear in the
skies over earth, and mysterious, unseen aliens put an end to
the squabbling between the nations of earth and set the human
race on a course towards its ultimate evolutionary destiny.

The devil's highway : a true story / Luis Alberto Urrea.
8 hours, 56 minutes
In May 2001, a group of men attempted to cross
the Mexican border into the desert of southern Arizona,
through the deadliest region of the continent, the "Devil's
Highway." Three years later, Luis Alberto Urrea wrote about
what happened to them.

The outsiders / by S.E. Hinton.
4 hours, 58 minutes
This classic young adult novel is set in Tulsa,
Oklahoma. Ponyboy, the fourteen-year-old narrator, tells how
it looks and feels to be a Greaser--from the wrong side of
the tracks. He vividly describes the guerilla raids into his
territory by their traditional, upper-middle-class enemy, the
Socs, and of the beating that led to a murder charge and two
deaths. For junior and senior high readers.


And finally, the authors/series that were mentioned:

Jacqueline Winspear/Maise Dobbs series
Historical mysteries set in London from 1929 on.
The library doesn't have many copies of the first book, "Maisie Dobbs".
They've got more of the latest one, "The Comfort of Ghosts", but many holds.

Haruki Murakami
Most of his books have holds on them.

Isabel Allende
The library has few copies of most of her books

