Sept 24, 2019
The Death and Life of the Great Lakes by Dan Egan
Non-Fiction: 12 hours, 18 minutes
Wisconsin journalist examines the ecological impact of dense human habitation on the Great Lakes, which contain twenty percent of the Earth's fresh water. Discusses industrial practices, invasive species, connections between the lakes and the ocean, and more. Presents policy recommendations to improve the health of the lakes. Unrated. Commercial audiobook. 2017.

Oct 22, 2019
Mr. Penumbra's Twenty-Four-Hour Bookstore by Robin Sloan
Fiction: 9 hours, 48 minutes
While hunting for a new job, Web designer Clay Jannon wanders across Mr. Penumbra's Twenty-Four-Hour Bookstore, which sits next to a strip joint. Hired for the night shift, Clay is soon drawn into a world of mystery, intrigue, and kooky customers. 2012.

Dec 10, 2019
Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End by Atul Gawande
Non-Fiction: 9 hours, 33 minutes
Surgeon and author of Complications and The Checklist Manifesto examines the state of end-of-life care in the twenty-first century. Discusses medical advances which have extended life expectancy, limited training of physicians to discuss mortality with patients and family members, and ways to be honest. Bestseller. 2014.

Jan 28, 2020
The Alice Network by Kate Quinn 
Fiction: 20 hours, 3 minutes
1947. Pregnant and unmarried Charlotte St. Clair escapes the sharp eye of her mother in London to track down her cousin Rose, who went missing during the war. She finds Eve Gardiner, a former spy. A name Charlie utters resurrects Eve's memories of the past. Violence, strong language, and some explicit descriptions of sex. 2017.

Feb 25, 2020 - Everybody Reads - There, There by Tommy Orange
Twelve people, all Native American, have their own reasons to travel to the Big Oakland Powwow. Some are looking to reconnect with family or share in a celebration of their culture, but not all those gathered have good intentions. Contains strong language and descriptions of violence. Commercial audiobook. 2018.

Mar 24, 2020
Go Tell It on the Mountain by James Baldwin 
Classics: 7 hours, 32 minutes
While living in Harlem, John experiences a religious conversion on his fourteenth birthday. Flashbacks portray the lives, suffering, and sins of John's African-American forefathers, especially their struggles with racism and poverty as they moved from the rural South to this northern ghetto.

Apr 28, 2020
Driving Miss Norma; one family's journey saying "yes" to living by Bauerschmidt, Tim & Liddle, Ramie
Non-Fiction: 7 hours, 21 minutes
When the author's father died unexpectedly and his ninety-year-old mother, Norma, was diagnosed with cancer, he and his coauthor wife invited Norma to join them in traveling around the country in an RV. Describes their year-long adventure that covered thirty-two states and fifteen national parks and attracted many fans. Some strong language. 2017.

May 26, 2020
The Storied Life of A. J. Fikry by Gabrielle Zevin
Fiction: 6 hours, 24 minutes
When his most prized possession, a rare volume of poetry by Edgar Allan Poe, is stolen, bookstore owner A.J. Fikry begins isolating himself from his friends, family, and associates. Then he receives a mysterious package that compels him to remake his life. Strong language. Bestseller. 2014.

Jun 23, 2020
Thunder Dog: The True Story of a Blind Man, His Guide Dog, and the Triumph of Trust at Ground Zero by Michael Hingson and Susy Flory 
Non-Fiction: 7 hours, 19 minutes
Michael Hingson, an executive who worked in the North Tower of the World Trade Center, recounts his escape after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Hingson, blind since birth, describes what he and his guide dog Roselle experienced as she led him down seventy-eight flights of stairs to safety. 2011.



