Mus240

Counterpoint, Sketch #4
Due Monday, Class VII

Using the Barték’s “Song of Harvest” as a model:

     Compose a two-voice composition 20-30 bars in length with clearly defined
     sections, using the Variation Form (ABA'B'A!). Each section will be able
     4-5 measures in length.

     Write for two woodwind instruments (can be two of the same or different).

     Write using the octatonic scale (Bartok model) or another mode from the
     Sketch 1 compendium that is less familiar to you. Transposition to a
     different pitch level (at section shifts) is permitted and desirable.

     Label your score with the tonic pitch and chosen mode (for octatonic
     specify which form: beginning with M2 or m2). Note where you transpose the
     mode and the new tonic.

     Use the tactics that Barték employs to define form: contrast of tempo,
     dynamic, articulation, melodic variation, inverted melodies, register
     contrast, silence, etc.
     
     Use at least two of the following contrapuntal techniques and label on your
     score:  canon; exact imitation (the first 4-5 notes); rhythmic imitation
     with inexact pitch imitation.

     Use traditional contrapuntal strategies—contrary motion; predominance of
     imperfect consonances; thoughtful voice-leading, especially with
     dissonance; and balance of rhythmic density trading off between the
     voices—in order to achieve independence between the voices and a clear
     musical statement. Take care to avoid an extended melody/accomp texture.

     End each small section with a clear resting point (cadence can be resolved
     or unresolved—e.g. half cadence-esque).

     Post pdf & mp3 files to your work folders on the due date. Name your files
     with your last name followed by and underscore and the assignment
     name—1.e. FavandSee_Counterpoint_Sketch4.paf


Preparatory steps:
   Compose a single melodic idea for A and B. Take care to incorporate a:

      o balance of stillness and movement into your melody to allow space for
      another voice to respond  

      o distinctive rhythmic/melodic hook at the start of your melody—e.g. a
      repeated note, a leap, a dotted/syncopated rhythm.

      o contrasting character between A and B.

   Once your have two melodic ideas you are pleased with, write your A/B ideas
   in the score and map the rhythm of the second voice: choose the entrance
   point; select a contrapuntal technique such as imitation or canon and follow
   the rhythm accordingly from your initial melodic idea; factor
   balance/exchange of rhythmic density between voices into your sketch, as well
   a rhythmic interaction between the two voices. 
 
   Select a pitch relationship for your second voice, i.e. unison, P5
   up/down. etc. Fill in your second voice pitch material accordingly. Then
   solve the problems that may arise through pitch/rhythmic alterations to the
   2nd or original voice. Potential tactics to solve “problems” that may arise: oe

       © holding on to a pitch a little longer or moving a little earlier (in
       either voice)

       © altering the transposition relationship

       © altering the initial rhythmic entrance

Counterpoint/ Polyphony Overview:

    Two or more independent melodic lines, often combined to achieve a
    harmonious cumulative texture. 

Strategies to cultivate an effective contrapuntal texture:

    Keep spacing generally smaller than an octave between voices (for texture
    cohesion) 

    Consider intervals between voices as factor affecting fullness and harmonic
    clarity 

      © Imperfect consonance (3/6) predominates
         = Inversions in the course of phrase, and root position at cadences

      o Perfect consonance (4%, 5, 8ve, unison)
      o Dissonance (7th, 2nd, tritones)

    Treat dissonance mindfully
      o Approach/resolve by step
      © Leap balanced by step in opposite direction (appoggiatura)

    Tend to voice-leading in support of independent lines
      o Contrary predominates (esp. at cadences)
      o Oblique
      © Parallel/Similar (less desirable)

    Cultivate varied rhythmic density between voices to support melodic
    independence and conversational exchange of prominence 
      1st species, 1:1
      2nd species, 1:2
      3rd species, 1:3
      4th species, 1:4
      Varied rhythmic density between the lines
      Exchange density between voices

    A good subject has a balance of stillness and movement to allow space for
    the other voice(s) to speak

    A silence before a new contrapuntal entrance can help draw attention to that
    voice and inject fresh energy into a phrase

    A distinctive rhythmic/melodic hook at the start of a theme can help
    highlight the entrances in a contrapuntal section

These musical strategies have evolved out of the common practice of composers
historically, and are still relevant now, even in a more chromatic musical
context. They need no longer be strictly adhered to, however, they are a
valuable reference point, a set of useful tools to employ, if your musical
objective is to create a strong contrapuntal texture. 
