
1. Overall it's energetic and upbeat.  It's loud and quick, with the lead
instruments both in a strong part of their range.  The flute and oboe are
doubled (I think. There are a heck of a lot of ledger lines.) on the melody.
The flute's in its 'clear and brilliant' register, and the oboe in its 'warm and
prominant' one.  The accompanying instruments (this includes the oboe, doing
double duty) are pulsing on the beat.

2. This one is dark and unsettling.  It's slower, and the dynamics are coming on
strong and then fading away.  The oboe lead is still in a warm middle register,
but the accompanying instruments are all in their lower dark zones.  The
accompaniment is offset from the lead, covering where it's between phrases,
and discordant.  It's longer than the pulse of the previous movement, but peters
out.

3. Sweet and light.  Quicker again, and uniformly soft.  The flute melody is
back up in its 'clear and brilliant' register. The accompanying clarinet
and bassoon have also risen towards their middle ranges, and are tossing an
oddly rhythmed motif back and forth.

4. Brash and triumphant.  Trumpeting.  It's loud and fast and forceful, and
heavily accented.  It's higher in pitch, putting all the instruments into
brighter registers.  And everyone is playing the lead.  Well, actually, some are
playing a melody while others are playing drone, but everyone has the same
rhythm (save for times when players get to drop out and breathe) so it's hard to
tell who's doing what.

5. Grave and mysterious.  We've quieted down quite a bit, and slowed down as
well. The lead flute has dropped into a weaker register, and the accompanying
instruments into darker ones.  Most of them are pulsing on every third beat,
even though the piece is in 4/4.

6. Chipper.  Skipping.  We've sped up again, and are louder.  At least the
accompaniment is louder.  The lead instruments are actually pretty soft, except
when they blare out when the accompaniment pulses. Everyone is in their low
register.  The bassoon has the melody, with the horn syncopating a drone with
it, and the others coming in together at intervals. 



For the opening of each of the six movements write a brief paragraph describing:
a. Overall mood/character
b. Dynamic/tempo/register qualities that define this musical energy
c. Prominent lead melodic instruments and featured registers/voicings
d. Accompaniment textures
